# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --all-extras pyproject.toml -o requirements-dev.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via mkdocs-material
backrefs==5.8
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via requests
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   docstr-coverage
    #   jiwer
    #   mkdocs
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
datasets==3.5.0
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
docstr-coverage==2.3.2
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via mknotebooks
griffe==1.7.2
    # via mkdocstrings-python
huggingface-hub==0.30.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
identify==2.6.9
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.34.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jiwer==3.1.0
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   mknotebooks
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
krippendorff==0.8.1
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mknotebooks
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   labl (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mknotebooks
mkdocs-autorefs==1.4.1
    # via
    #   labl (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.6.11
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.9
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
mkdocstrings==0.29.1
    # via
    #   labl (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.16.10
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
mknotebooks==0.8.0
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via mknotebooks
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   krippendorff
    #   pandas
    #   transformers
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   labl (pyproject.toml)
    #   datasets
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via datasets
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pymdown-extensions==10.14.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   labl (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   docstr-coverage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pre-commit
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   transformers
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via jiwer
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   transformers
rich==14.0.0
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.3
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via pytest
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   docstr-coverage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.50.3
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
typer==0.15.2
    # via labl (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   mkdocstrings-python
    #   multidict
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   typer
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
